# YouTube Video Analysis Chatbot

This project is a chatbot developed using LLM (Large Language Models) capable of answering questions about YouTube videos based on their transcriptions. The chatbot utilizes natural language processing techniques to analyze user queries and retrieve relevant information from the video transcriptions.

## Features

- **Video Analysis**: The chatbot can respond to questions about YouTube videos using the information present in their transcriptions.
- **Spanish Interaction**: The chatbot is designed to respond in Spanish, facilitating communication for Spanish-speaking users.
- **Utilization of LLM Models**: The langchain_community.llms library is used to leverage LLM models in generating responses.

## Installation

To run the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Install dependencies using pip:
    
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Run the `Youtube_explainer.py` script to initiate interaction with the chatbot.

## Usage

Once the `Youtube_explainer.py` script is running, follow the on-screen instructions to interact with the chatbot. Enter your questions about YouTube videos and await the responses generated by the chatbot.

## Contribution

If you wish to contribute to this project, feel free to submit pull requests with improvements, bug fixes, or new features. You can also open issues to report bugs or suggest new ideas.

## Credits

This project was developed by Víctor Viloria.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. For more details, refer to the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file.
